Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to show you a fantasy romantic
drama film titled Edward Scissorhands.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
One snowy evening, a little girl asks her
grandmother about the legend of the snow.
The grandmother tells her that it was a very
long story, but the girl can't doze off.
The grandmother starts the story about scissors.
Indeed the story was a long one, as the grandmother
reminisces what happened a long time ago.
There lived a famous inventor in the town
who made numerous inventions.
The most peculiar thing he invented was a
male figure with scissors for a hand, but
what's even odder is he gave him a brain for
conceiving and a heart for feeling.
Sadly, the inventor passed away even before
he completed the figure.
The figure is named Edward.
One sunny day, a woman in purple coordinates
pays a visit to all the women's houses in
town to sell her line of cosmetics.
The saleswoman desperately ends up in Edward's
ghastly-looking mansion uphill.
Surprisingly, the estate had a breathtaking
landscaping sight.
She knocks in the front door, which she opens
by herself.
She took the horrifying stairs and searches
for the house's owner.
Her search takes her to the attic with a damaged
roof, and she sees several memorabilia in
one of the portions of its walls.
Hearing silent noises, the saleswoman looks
back and sees a dark silhouette in the corner
of the attic.
She seems to have discerned the figure.
Frightened in daylight, the saleswoman takes
a step back, but the figure gently approaches
closer.
Not realizing the woman's disposition, Edward
reaches his hands out to her.
The woman, thinking that he was harmless,
curiously eyes him and asks him about his
parents.
Edward innocently claims that his father did
not wake up one day.
She attempts to lightly touch Edward in his
face using cotton with an astringent.
The woman drives Edward to her home.
When the two reach home, Peg takes him to
the living room where all the family pictures
are placed.
Edward falls innocently in love at first sight
of her daughter's photo.
Peg takes him to another room where she asks
Edward to change his clothes.
Edward goes through the things in the room
and accidentally makes a hole out of the water
bed.
He finds trouble getting himself dressed.
Peg eventually goes back to Edward's room
and helps him redress.
Outside the house, the nosy neighbours gather
after seeing Peg with another man in her car.
Later that night, Edward joins the family
for a dinner where they never took their eyes
of him for fear and amusement.
Edward awkwardly fumbles over the food with
his disfigured hands.
Peg tucks Edward to bed that night, where
Edward sleeps warmly.
The next day, while the husbands in the neighbourhood
leave for work, Peg spends her time concealing
the scars on Edward's face.
Peg's husband takes his time trimming the
plants in the backyard when Edward walks in
and forms another plant into a dinosaur.
Edward bobs another set of plants that made
Peggy and her husband happy.
But a woman appears in their backyard, claiming
Edward came straight from the pits of hell.
The woman runs away when Edward approaches
her.
Meanwhile, Peg opens their front door after
the doorbell rang.
Apparently, the neighbourhood is growing curious
about their family's visitor that they insisted
on an afternoon barbecue feast.
Edward helps Peg prepare for the feast by
chopping the ingredients.
Peg opens a can of pineapples that made Edward
storm off of his consciousness.
He daydreams about his father's invention,
where several machines run through to make
him dinner.
His late father enjoyed his inventions so
much that he came up with the idea of inventing
a man with the hands of scissors.
The Bogg family hosts the barbecue feast in
the backyard, where the neighbours gasp in
awe and admiration of their well-trimmed garden.
The men discreetly bully Edward, but one man
appears and tells him to never let anyone
regard him as handicapped for being different.
The women bring their food bowls and alternately
feed Edward, who can't hold a spoon without
making a cut.
That night, Edward daydreams again to a day
in the mansion's laboratory where his father
reads him boring stories and funny poems.
Just outside, Kim arrives with her boyfriend's
gang from a camping trip.
Kim goes into her room with all her stuff,
lights up the lamp and screams after seeing
Edward from her mirror.
Edward, who was equally as terrified to death
as she was, pins and cuts the water bed.
Kim runs nervously to her parent's room, where
Peg calms her down.
Bill takes Edward to another vacant room,
offers him some rum and complains about what
happened to her daughter when she started
becoming a teen.
Edward takes the rum with a straw, which made
him feel immediately intoxicated.
Wanting the two to be friends, Peg introduces
Kim to the drunk Edward, who collapses to
the floor from shock.
The following day, Esmeralda, one of Edward's
fans, invites him to creatively trim her garden.
After forming a couple of swans, she offers
him a glass of lemonade which he declined
with a vomit.
After trimming Esmeralda's garden, Edwards
goes to Kevin's class.
Kevin proudly shows how Edward can create
paper art with his bare hands.
That night, the family is having dinner with
Kim's boyfriend and one of her friends.
While Edward is carefully slicing a chunk
of beef meat, the family happens to discuss
that Edward is not charging people money for
his gardening services.
The awkward Edward mistakenly throws the sliced
piece to Kim's lap, which made her very angry
that night.
Apart from trimming the plants, one of his
clients discovers that Edward can actually
groom her poodle.
Surprisingly, the neighbourhood queued along
with the Bogg's backyard with their pets while
some of his fanatics, ask him to style their
haircut.
Peg is also enthusiastic that she had him
cut her hair too.
One day, Edward heads to the market with one
of her clients.
There, he witnesses how Kim and her boyfriend
share a sweet kiss.
Apparently, his client breaks him from the
lonely trance to have him sharpen his scissors
in a shop.
His client drops him home, where Kim and her
boyfriend waits in despair as they're both
locked out without a key.
Edward opens the door quickly without scratching
it.
Edward has been invited with Peg to a television
show where the crowd asks him about surgeries
and salon and landscaping business.
One lady asks him about having a girlfriend.
The clueless Edward mindlessly reaches out
to a microphone stand where he gets electrified.
He falls backwards.
Kim, who is watching the show with his boyfriend
and younger brother, falls unnecessarily worried
over Edward.
The following day, Esmeralda takes Edward
to the beauty salon, which she proposes to
purchase for his business.
She shows him around the salon, where she
intends to seduce him.
Esmeralda rides on Edward and starts to take
off her clothes.
Luckily for the clueless man, the dressing
chair collapses backwards.
Edward leaves the salon without the disappointed
Esmeralda.
Edward rushes to a pizzeria where the Bogg
family is waiting for him.
He narrates where the salon was and how Esmeralda
took off her clothes in front of him in the
backroom, making the family uncomfortable
and shocked.
Bill breaks away from discomfort and tells
Edward that he'll be needing a bank loan to
get his business started.
Peg accompanies Edwards to the banks, where
his loan gets declined after the banker discovered
that he has no social security number, no
credit history, and no collaterals.
Unfortunately, the bank does not recognize
client testimonials to lend his business some
amount.
However, they advised him to build his credit
score first before coming back again for the
loan.
Meanwhile, Jim and Kim are arguing about using
Edward to steal from his parents.
Jim somehow tricked Edward to steal with them.
Even though Kim refuses to use the poor Edward,
she joins his gang to break into Jim's house.
They used Edward's hands to pick the locks
in the place.
Unfortunately, the alarm system detects and
locks him up.
The gang leaves the clueless Edward to be
arrested by the police officers.
Peg and Bill head to a detention facility
after hearing Edward's misfortune.
The prosecution eventually frees Edward under
the grounds of mental incapacity.
His lawyer argues that Edward was isolated
for the majority of his life, which immensely
caused his lack of judgement and morality.
The news breaks out in the neighbourhood,
which made his fanatics doubt Edward's intention
in helping them with their gardens and hairstyles.
When Peg and Edward reach home after the dismissal,
a swarm of journalists chase after them.
Kim realizes how chaotic the situation has
become and explains to Edward how hard she
tried to persuade Jim to take him back from
his parent's house.
She feels awful telling Edward that it was
Jim’s parent's house, but Edward went off
anyway because she was the one who told him
to break into it.
Jim breaks their conversation but feels unapologetic
and passes the blame to Kim, who walks out
on him.
Edward goes mad at the sight of Jim and Kim
that he leaves scratches along the wall.
Bill leaves an ethical lesson to Edward, who
chooses a seemingly sweet but wrong answer.
Meanwhile, the former fanatic Esmeralda spreads
a rumour in the neighbourhood saying Edward
once attempted to cut her with his hands,
but she luckily escaped.
With the rumour, the rest of the former fans
decide not to attend Peg's invitation for
Christmas dinner.
On a Christmas night, Peg and Kim are preparing
the Christmas tree.
Kim goes and sees a wintery sight outside
their home.
Edward is working on a breathtaking ice sculpture.
Kim is dancing around the presence of snow
when Jim shouts over and startles the poor
Edward.
He accidentally scratches Kim's palm.
While Peg brings her daughter inside for a
cure, Jim pushes Edward out of Bogg's yard.
Kim goes back outside and breaks up with Jim
after losing sight of Edward.
The furious Edward walks away from the town,
tearing his jumpsuit and some plants apart.
A neighbour reports what Edward did to the
police, who appears minutes later, searching
for Edward at Peg's house.
Peg and Bill leave to search for Edward in
the middle of the town, but Edward returns
to their home alone after seeing a police
car.
Kim embraces the lonely Edward, who dozes
again into another daydream where the inventor
gave him a fake pair of hands.
In his dream, he cut off the fingers and the
palms after his father falls dead to the ground.
He woke up from the trance again, scared that
he might make a cut on Kim.
Meanwhile, Jim and his drunk friend drive
off the town towards Kim's house.
On the way, the drunken men nearly hit Kevin.
Edward jumps to save him from the car, but
he ends up cutting Kevin in the face.
Jim assumes that he was assaulting Kevin.
The whole neighbourhood goes outside after
hearing the commotion.
The police officer chases Edward, who flees
back to his mansion at the top of the hill.
Peg begs the angry mob to let Edward go.
The police officer fires his gun thrice to
fool the people that Edward is dead, but the
sceptical and curious crowd also advances
to the mansion.
Kim follows Edward to the old, dark mansion.
Little did she know, Jim follows her tracks
to the attic and attempts to murder Edward.
Kim stops Jim by knocking him to the ground
and pointing Edward's blades to his neck.
Jim pushes her over, which made Edward boil
in a fury.
He stabs him with one of his blades and leaves
him to fall on the ground outside.
Kim confesses that she loves Edward.
When the mob reach the mansion, Kim fools
them that Jim and Edward both died in a duel
showing Edward's fake hand cadaver.
The crowd retreats back home forlornly.
The grandmother ends the story by telling
the little girl that she was Kim.
She never saw Edward again.
She believes Edward is an immortal who never
ages.
In Kim's late years, Edward still spends his
time in the mansion, carving ice sculptures,
which he remembers having Kim dance around
the snow he has made.